natale.jpg: A lifelong resident of the Hudson Valley, Peter is quick with a joke. His favorite part about giving back is getting to see the looks on the kids' faces when they get to make slime with big screen heroes.
oehl_2.jpg: This parent/child duo of Jason and Caroline are keeping 'busting a family business!
0001_sobel_and_bennett.jpg: Matthew Bennett and Tara Sobel are the founders of HVGB. Born and raised in the Hudson Valley, it is their passion to give back to the community.
002_rosenthal.jpg: Oana Rosenthal is co-founder of the HVGBs and now calls the Hudson Valley her home. She has a passion for education and community outreach.
zzz_spud.jpg: This little spud is a constant co-pilot for the Ecto-1G, and is dedicated to keeping an eye on our supply of snacks.
corbett.jpg: Max enjoys talking in the third person. He is a high school engineering teacher who built a proton pack for Halloween and later joined HVGB so he could wear his gear, entertain others, and raise money for great causes.
sciglimpaglia.jpg: Through his various work experience, Steve has found a niche for his skill set. He enjoys participating in our charitable events and seeing reactions when he operates his newest creation.
mackenzie_c.jpg: Corey has been a lifelong Ghostbusters fan, and put together his first uniform in 2021 in anticipation of the new movie. Having seen the HVGBs at an event several years prior, he decided to join so he could be a real Ghostbuster for charity. "How great is this!" he frequently thinks to himself!
mackenzie_s.jpg: Shaun has been a fan of Ghostbusters since childhood, watching the original films and reruns of The Real Ghostbusters cartoon. Following in the footsteps of his brother, Corey, he joined HVGB to give back to the community and have a lot of fun doing it!
marrone.jpg: Father and daughter team of Nick and Evie love to bust ghosts and raise money for charities. When Nick isn't busting ghosts, he's probably tinkering with various equipment and his Ecto-GMC.
