natale.jpg: A lifelong resident of the Hudson Valley, Peter is quick with a joke. His favorite part about giving back is getting to see the looks on the kids' faces when they get to make slime with big screen heroes.
oehl.jpg: This family trio of Jason and his kids, Caroline and Zack, are keeping 'busting a family business!
0001_sobel_and_bennett.jpg: Matthew Bennett and Tara Sobel are the founders of HVGB. Born and raised in the Hudson Valley, it is their passion to give back to the community.
002_rosenthal.jpg: Oana Rosenthal is co-founder of the HVGBs and now calls the Hudson Valley her home. She has a passion for education and community outreach.
zzz_spud.jpg: This little spud is a constant co-pilot for the Ecto-1G, and is dedicated to keeping an eye on our supply of snacks.
corbett.jpg: Max enjoys talking in the third person. He is a high school engineering teacher who built a proton pack for Halloween and later joined HVGB so he could wear his gear, entertain others, and raise money for great causes.
sciglimpaglia.jpg: Through Steve's various work experience, he found a niche for his skill set.  Steve and Nancy enjoy participating in our charitable events and seeing the reactions as he operates his newest creation.
mackenzie_c.jpg: Corey has been a lifelong Ghostbusters fan, and put together his first uniform in 2021 in anticipation of the new movie. Having seen the HVGBs at an event several years prior, he decided to join so he could be a real Ghostbuster for charity. "How great is this!" he frequently thinks to himself!
mackenzie_s.jpg: Shaun has been a fan of Ghostbusters since childhood, watching the original films and reruns of The Real Ghostbusters cartoon. Following in the footsteps of his brother, Corey, he joined HVGB to give back to the community and have a lot of fun doing it!
marrone.jpg: Father and daughter team of Nick and Evie love to bust ghosts and raise money for charities. When Nick isn't busting ghosts, he's probably tinkering with various equipment and his Ecto-GMC.
smith.jpg: When the phone rings, James is there to answer the call. He is always willing to volunteer his time to help the community, wearing the Ghostbusters uniform is just a plus.
podell.jpg: Joe has been building and collecting costumes and props in his spare time for years, and upon finding out that there was a way to put these skills to good use and serve his community, he leapt at the chance! He's our very own Rockland Ghostbuster!
mohler.jpg: Partners in Slime - Brian and Liz Mohler are huge fans of the Ghostbusters movies, cartoons, and their recollected toy collection. During their first date, this shared love of the franchise was discovered and the rest is a blur of love and geekery. Giving back to the community is the next goal for the Mohlers, and they're excited to be doing so with this group!
dimauro.jpg: John has been a fan of the Ghostbusters franchise since 1984. He joined HVGB to put his fandom to good use by giving back to the community. In another life, he is also an Imperial TIE Fighter Pilot in the 501st Legion.
ripley.jpg: Believe it or not, Ripley is our first dual-franchise member. When he's not wrangling ghosts in the Hudson Valley, he's protecting the streets of Central Connecticut from all manner of spooks, specters, and ghosts. He's got the tools, talent, and quotes that every Ghostbuster needs to get the job done!
dipaola.jpg: From the moment Steven switched on his 3D printed proton pack, he wanted to find a way to wear his gear as often as possible. When he found out he could while giving back to the community with like-minded people, he decided to join HVGB.
thayer.jpg: Bob doesn't just investigate paranormal phenomenon, he's experienced it. He's seen some stuff that would turn you white. His interests also include researching folklore, mythology, and legends -- and, of course, raising spirits...by participating in charity events.
cady.jpg: Connor has been wielding a proton pack ever since he saw the first movie! As a massive fan of Ghostbusters, he wanted to find a way to wear his gear as much as possible, so he joined HVGB and is having so much fun!
fass.jpg: Hailing from the Capital Region, Jon is a lifelong Ghostbusters fan. He joined HVGB to share this fandom with others while raising money and awareness for great causes.
sloat.jpg: Jimmy Sloat is a regular hard working Joe, fun loving and friendly, straight to the facts of any endeavor and helping promote the causes supported by the Hudson Valley Ghostbusters.
heard.jpg: Neil has been a fan of the Ghostbusters since he was a kid. He always wanted to strap on a proton pack and now gets to do so while helping raise money for such great causes! When not busting ghosts, Neil is working on running a half marathon in every state.
twergo.jpg: Chronically online, Gregg has been doing charity streams for several years with events such as Extra Life. Now, after joining HVGB, he's donned a proton pack and turned a lifelong love of Ghostbusters into a way to give back, all in the name of charity.
